T =Therapist and C = Client
Tl: I'm always nervous.I seem to get nervous that th€ tape is sometling that I've got control
of, you know, like its going to be my tape and I think I'm nervous about speaking into
it because usually if it is someone else's then I'm less conscious of it or something you
know.
Cl: Is this yours or is it . . .
T2: Noitsnotmine. ImeanI'mnotgoingto...itsgoingtobetheirs.SohopefullyI'mnot
going to be as nervous as I would have had it been (brief laugh). We could put it where
we couldn't see it.
C2: I don't mind
T3: Yeah, O.K. You don't mind.
C3: Um, I kinda of wanted to start with a part of the dream that I had last night. U m, it's been
grating at me. Every once in a while I have a dream that I fe€l was significant and that .
. . that stick with me and I . . . and I lcrow that I need to know what it meant. This one
part of the dream had a lot of complexities. It re3lly was odd and whal it was was this
car which belongs to a man that I have been dating. I was like looking for it in the dream.
And I couldn't frnd it. And so I thought well he wasn't around. And then all of a sudden
I saw it. It was like in the brush, you know. It was definitely in sight. But it was as if it
was parked so that it wouldn't be in sight. And, you know,I can see the tree limb hanging
down and l'm real intrisued bv it. L . . It definitelv reminds of. . . the fact that this car
doesn'thave head lights right now.
You mean like they are gone. There are holes in there?
No in reality it does but there's something wrong with the headlights.
oh, oh.
Something with the electrical system keeps them working at night
They just don't tum on when you push the butlon.
Yeah.
when you push the button.
Yeah. Which means that he can't drive at night so what he does is that somelimes he
parks his car at the Seven-Eleven and leaves it there and he wouldn't necessarily be there
you know. Let's say he came to visit me. He wouldn't necessarily be there. He left my
place and went someplace else. The Seven-Eleven is like where he leaves his car and
that way it can be watched because they stay open 24 hours.
Well last evening after I left when we were all getdng together, I drove by the
Seven-Eleven to see if his car was there beaause I was interested to know if he was in
town. He is from Cleveland. And I drove by aad the car wasn't there and I remembered
havingathoughtthatmaybehewassomewhereelse.And...ah...ormaybehedidn't
even want me to know lhal he was in town. And I'm pretty sure that's what the dream
has to do with. My concern that he doesn'r want me to know that he's around. Really I
think it goes a little deeper than that. I should say that he doesn't want a relationship like
I do.
Well the thing was hiding. . . the carbeing hidden behind the tree symbolized him hiding
it somewhere.
Yeah. That bothers me (pause) I have different feelings about it.
Yeah, that bothers you that he doesn't want. . . you feel he doesn't . . . .
Well yeah, the relationship . . . O.K. I have to clarify that we have only known each other
for two weeks, O.K. And its probably premature, but we spent a whole lot of lime with
each other in the past week and a half and I was basically on cloud nine about the whole
thing. And wewere talking about going camping togetler whichjust sounded like a geat
idea- And he seemed to really be enjoying me and I was enjoying him and I was kind of
wondering ge€ when is the honeymoon going to end. But . . . feeling like I was ready to
enjoy it as long as it lasted And then he reported to me that he had ulked to his mom
and dad and they had inquired as to whether he had spent the night at my place or not
and he told them that he had slept on the sofa which indeed he did. But then he was
feelhg like he couldn't do that anymore. And I felt hurt a liftle bit at that. And I'm not
sure . . . I'm not sure, . . . I'm a linle angry, where my anger is directed at. I'm a little
confused . . as to whether it's at his parenls or at him. I think both. Um, probably the
thing that that strikes me the most is thal he would allow his parents to make decisions
for him. I feel like . . . if he genuinely inside feels like its wrong to spend the night, ifhe
feels like he doesn't want to do that because he feels like it's not right, then I can really
accept that. I can acrept and respect it either way, but that doesn't get me angry. It makes
me feel a little disappointed or, you know, "shucks I want you to stay wirh me. I wish
you didn't feel that way." But I feel angrier with him I think because it seems to be tlle
sinration where he doesn't de€p down feel that way. It's more like he feels like he has
to do this for his parents. And I don't know . . . I guess um. . . I was involved in a two
year relationship with a man who couldn't make a commitment to me because he was
Ill3rried to Ns mother. And I'm cautious about getting involved in a situation that's
similar....I se€, there's. . . a difference... if he. . . ifhe really um. . .I think some
people can really feel that they want do something for their parents because their parents
request it and on the other hand, "Gee I got to that because its my parens wishes." See,
I don't operate like that. Not that I haven't in the past. But I don't and . . . I don't know
Tl0: I kinda missed that, you don't op€rate like that . . . you don't do things . . . You don't
like to feel is good to do things you really don't want to do just because they kind of
think you should. Is that . . . .
Cl0: Ah-ha.
Tl1: Ijust kind of. . . .
C11: Um-um.
Tl2: Missed the poinl Yeah, OK.
C12: You know, I guess I fe€l I ne€d to cladfy what I mean. Well, there are things like that
my mom wants me to do like write a thank you lener to somebody if tbey send me
something like a card or a gift or whatever I want to write a thank you letter because I
feel like I want to write a thank you lener. And my relationship with my mom has
improved like. I used to get angry with her "Mom don't tell me to do that. I know to do
that" you know. But now I deal with her a little differently. I say either, you know, "I've
already sent it." But then see it kind of ribs me if I say that to her if I say, "Well, I've
a.lready sent it." "Oh Good, you're such . . .
